**Chapter 1: Solace**

Tears of dew silently fell from the azure clouds, gently carried by the dance of zephyrs. Columbia trotted down the muddy, forsaken pathway, her journey illuminated by the mellow glow of the luscious forest. She quietly stepped towards her destination, holding her breath as the whispers of the wilderness emanated around her. It had been years since she last walked down the path, when she had watched the sun rise, pouring with crimson, alongside her father and mother. The warm, effervescent feeling of anticipation as they headed towards the sparkling waterfall at the end of Lake Erie.

At last, Columbia had reached the riparian of the lake. She dipped her hands into the water. A bolt of frost shot through her arms, the perspiration of the clouds immediately deepened as the blue above darkened, and divine light struck the lake. Columbia fell away from the water in shock, as the breeze started pushing her into the arms of the forest. She could hear the winds cry out in pain, the once still lake erupting in violent gushes. The wails quickly turned dormant, as the wind halted, and the lake became silent once again. 

Looking down at her chest, Columbia drew her attention to the eloquent dances of a fine garnet gem, projecting an aura of grandiose as the centrepiece of the necklace around her neck. It was a gift from her parents, a symbol of their love for her before their untimely murder. Holding back her tears as fond memories of her parents flooded her thoughts, Columbia quaintly moved her fingers towards the gem.

Immediately as the tip of her fingers made contact with the gleaming gem, a wave of pain rippled through her mind, like blades of steel puncturing her head.  A raw layer of maroon exuded into her vision, as her other sensations dimmed. Columbia fell to the floor, an unknown force crushing her breath deep down her throat. However, as quickly as the pain shot through her head, it disappeared. Columbia opened her eyes, making out her surroundings through her blood-red, obscured vision. A discordant ringing pierced her eardrums, only to be soothed by a voice she hadn't heard in years.

Columbia turned around to see her father. She saw him clench his rifle tightly. He had been expecting an attack from the British ever since Madison's Congress declared war, but when their eyes met, a shard of sadness pierced her heart. There was no compassion in the cloudy, glass spheres resting within his eye sockets. She noticed his pale skin, his sweaty flaky hair, and his rugged overalls. With his mouth wide open, he charged into the forest, with Columbia following closely. Dashing through the loose leaves and branches, Columbia kept her eyes trained on the figure of her father as gunshots rang out around her. At last, a final, deafening shot oscillated throughout the stale air. Columbia stopped to see her father clasp his chest, with an achromatic liquid discharged into his palms. He quickly rummaged through his left pocket to pull out a silvery locket. Columbia was shocked to see a faint picture of her alongside her father within. With tears flowing from her eyes, Columbia quietly observed as her father pulled the locket close to his chest, as the life faded from his body. As raw emotion overwhelmed Columbia, she fell to the ground as her father vanished, sobbing furiously.

In the distance, the anxious murmurs of forest wildlife were interrupted by a dissonant shriek. Columbia looked up to see herself on the bank of the lake in the embrace of her mother, surrounded by a group of British soldiers. Her face had crumpled up in despair, as her mother pointed to a small wooden boat that she would often play with. Columbia tearfully watched herself climb into the boat, as her mother stood strong and fought off the soldiers until they drew their swords and slashed at her chest, and she too collapsed and laid in a pool of the same colourless fluid. ==Glancing over==, Columbia saw herself frantically setting sail her fragile boat, drifting off into the distance. But unlike what she remembered, she watched wordlessly as the Columbia in the boat was swallowed by the waves of the lake. A tide of water pummelled over her head, reaching at her throat with cold, forceful hands. Before losing her breath, Columbia felt the sharp metallic edges of the ring cutting into her skin. Pushing against the water, she tore the ring out of her fingers.

Columbia felt the coarse sand on her back and stood up to see the ring in the palm of her hand, and her feet planted at the shore of the lake. She was relieved to see the crimson in her vision had lifted. She clenched her fist and threw the ring into the deep end of the water, watching as it elegantly sank far beyond her vision. She dived into the lake, and with fluidity floated gently at the surface.

- change ring to necklace, give to mother or something + garnet
- ==tone down the start of the vision thing==
- how resolution? how does she come to terms?
- maybe mother says something to her that she forgot and now comforts her